Update ZeroTrustAnalyticsPlatform to 1.1.1 (#18672)
demisto/content: Packs/ZeroTrustAnalyticsPlatform/ReleaseNotes/1_1_1.md

#### Integrations
##### ZeroTrustAnalyticsPlatform
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.4.28442*.

> - Fixed bug where alerts failed to ingest if they were assigned to a user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where alerts failed to ingest if they were assigned to a user.
```
